Add note on tangent type implementation (#446)
compintell/Mooncake.jl: docs/src/developer_documentation/misc_internals_notes.md

# Misc. Internals Notes

This document contains an assortment of notes on some implementation details in Mooncake.jl.
It is occassionally helpful to have them here for reference, but they are typically not essential reading unless working on the specific parts of Mooncake.jl to which they pertain.

## `tangent_type` and friends

Date: 21/01/2025
This note was written for v1.10.7 and v1.11.2.

### Background

Mooncake.jl makes extensive use of `@generated` functions to ensure that its `tangent_type` function (among others) is both type-stable, and constant folds.
I recently changed how `tangent_type` is implemented in Mooncake.jl to ensure that the implementations respect some specific limitations of generated functions.

> Here I outline the overall problem, the mistake the previous implementation made, and how [the recent changes](https://github.com/compintell/Mooncake.jl/pull/426) I've gone about fixing it.

Author: ```suggestion
Here I outline the overall problem, the mistake the previous implementation made, and how [the recent changes](https://github.com/compintell/Mooncake.jl/pull/426) fix it.
```

### `tangent_type`

`tangent_type` is a regular Julia function, which given a "primal" type returns another type, the tangent type. It is side-effect free, and its return value is determined entirely by the _type_ of its argument. This means it should be possible to constant-fold. For example, consider the following definitions:
```julia
tangent_type(::Type{Float64}) = Float64
tangent_type(::Type{P}) where {P<:Tuple} = Tuple{map(tangent_type, fieldtypes(P))...}
```

> If we run this for `Float64`, we see that everything is as expected -- the function literally just returns `Float64`:

Author: ```suggestion
If we inspect the `IRCode` associated to this for `Float64`, we see that everything is as expected -- the function literally just returns `Float64`:
```
